Ran away big brother
Where did you just go
There was a girl who was really amazing
I had something to do just now
Ah what
Don't come out these two days
The people from Xuntian Temple may find you for two more days, okay?
I will definitely not let you meet Wu Jingguo
Mom, this house is so beautiful
Does she belong to me in the future?
Mom, are you not happy?
No little master has any injuries
Ah sorry
I don't know
Mom, where have you been? Let me see
It's okay, Guo Xiaowu
You'd better get the jade pendant back
After all, that was the first thing I gave you
Okay, where will I go tomorrow
Mom
I must see you
You were deceived by both Song Wu and Sun Lingchen
I am your daughter
I am